[SIG-55948] Plugin Actions Support: Added custom hook for action registration and triggering (#10)
sigmacomputing/plugin: README.md

function setVariableCallback(value: WorkbookSelection[]): void;
```

#### useActionTrigger()

> Returns a callback function for the registered action trigger to trigger the action(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a callback function to trigger one or more action effects for a given action trigger
```

```ts
function useActionTrigger(triggerId: string);
```

Arguments

> - `triggerId : string` - The ID of the action trigger

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `triggerId: string` - The ID of the action trigger
```

Author: @Pearce-Ropion Is there a specific reason why there's an extra space before the colon for all other fields introduced in this readme? Was trying to keep my change consistent with the rest of the doc and don't mind reformatting them if necessary.

Reviewer: Um probably to make it easier to read. I think leave it as is honestly

> 
> ```ts
> function triggerActionCallback(): void;
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function that can be called to trigger the action

```ts
function triggerActionCallback(): void;
```
```
